Notulen 25-11-2022

Frontend 
Page looks nice. 
Everything still needs to be translated to English

Admin page:

Q: for the date picker what is best like this where it will scrape every week on this day and time or just a date picker with one date. 

A: cronjob kind of things like pick daily weekly monthly and what week in the month and what day in the week
have like another field to pick monthly weekly or daily

Backend 
Nick: 
Working with Test URLs and still needs to work on the link because a lot is still hardcoded. 

Q: Scraper Jumbo page, pagination still has to find a solution. 

Jorn: 
Still working with test data. 
Compares of text.

In python you can make a bitmap like a=1, b=2, compare array with threshold compare differences on two different array it compares 80%.
compare the arrays on numbers or strings 

Vragen
Per product
They make the name their self. They could show them the platform, but they don’t know. when they make a product the call it a name so they can give us that name. 

GTIN or EAN will always be there 

They could export the actual name excel sheet if we would like 

Feedback
For admin
- Add product where you can add an URL and change the URL 

- If the product might be wrong or the link can’t be found they can change or add the URL so that it will be found. 

- display the URL and a button can report the URL or product, 

- overview of the total score needs to really pop out. less text more visuals but still have an option to see the text. 
one page with stats and graphs and a page with the text. 

- Previous retailer and next retailer needs to be turned around or like next to each other. 

- breadcrumb is a little small

- pagination could install only when there are more pages

- Logout maybe red just make it point out

- retailer: in design was not like this. from the start no input and then when you click you than can change it. Cursor to pen icon to change the input. 

- consistency with the buttons and everything 

- little box shadow just to try and see if they fit

For scraper
- We need to focus on the is its live thing with the score. 

Next Sprint: 
- Focus on the data to be live
- The 3 page and adding more graph 
- Focus on the is it live part
